health then I wanted you to see how
I see the extensions with criticism
those with clips and I'm in here
anyway soon in fact on this side
in a little while you will see them let me see e
are the station boards bo in the video for
then dominatrix halloween where
held the role of the dominatrix
just for halloween first though
show it and go to the tutorial
the real ones where I show you
as an element I wanted to wear
make a small introduction to his
sincere I am completely sincere
I don't wear extensions in mine
everyday life practically not
I never wear I know there are many
girls interested precisely in the
extension shields for a head of hair
however long flowing volume e
so I thought he could
be interested in this video and then
just to prove the ex is just joly
that I have I am made to who then how
see above there are all these
clips that just open and close
so basically we have to thread
the clips in the hair
however in the tutorial I will show you
well and it's also a unique thing
which I really like because it's true that
now I don't wear extensions anymore
my everyday life though
past you wear them too much done
right across the board in xensource hair
braids of all colors
so really here I can say that
however I have experience nodes effect also
if now he no longer wears it
this is what I said is a band
unique and it is a very thing
will say why I hate that clip extensa
that are divided by different bands therefore
they put themselves under the four back bands
another 23 laterally and is truly a
casino apart from that of no head
precisely because they create volume
they are not different layers and therefore not me
like this i have brand
that in of extensions of here I put them
interpol training below and this one
band if I remember correctly it is 150
euro and in my opinion it is a good relationship
quality price because apart from that it goes well
I am real hair I must say that then there is
there are so many and therefore its own
surely here is a beautiful thing
effect because the hair will be much more
voluminous thick as well as obviously
long then to the long many understand
now I don't remember excuse the
precisely of this length
piece here I should go and check
case but half a written in
overlay
so this in my opinion and with a good one
value nothing so
all this now I leave you with the
tutorial where he shows me exactly how
I apply that really easy for
Scanzi many of you had already been to
the note I hope the same as the video
of useful tones and fully demonstrate
that the result
first make sure you have the
combed your hair so that
there are no knots in your hair
ok and then go to separate them and note
second is a unique band like it has
shown in the beginning of the video is enough
precisely that he read only one parent
once with the comb cone make a beautiful one
line
I would say a little above the ear then
let's say where the temples are then
here is fine as the comb from
poles and then put aside
with a clothespin this hair over
so ok so we have those
here our line to the right I do not
living but I hope it is a distance
straight and take my band of
extension and I go of course as you will have
intuition to attack all these clips
along the line we say that it is therefore
since they are five in the middle
obviously I'm going to position it right
in the middle for the head and it would be
preferring to comb your hair
but to apply it is governed to apply
and the clips I don't do it because
anyway after the huge with the I hold on
mot however if you want them to resist
at the sole for many hours it would be better
preferable at the very least then cotton
hair so I'm going to attack mine
click
ok and then there's one here at the bottom that goes
obviously a little more laterally then
as you really see the game from
very simple guys
the last so open here and now
I can go and remove the signs
you suffer and your skill is up to you
try to mix well in
so that it looks like we say a body
only node I know if I explained myself
in the other themes so hair then the
mind with an even more natural effect
style extension and wavy ones cha
cha changes that you then to adapt them e
make the hair wishful yet it says with
the research as precisely the form of the
f so they are the most
natural as possible and therefore nothing
this then resulted from behind me
I don't hope they happened
as you can see they are just two minutes now
so here is how you see I am
transforms are transformed then
suddenly long hair
I think I never had them in mine
life so long hair even
right up almost to the sides
therefore in any case sonorously
I think it's good quality there are
just different brands of you have to see
a little you depending on the relationship
Price quality is and I hope to have you
given some useful advice about the
extension
I hope you enjoyed the video and
nothing then we see ourselves in
next video obviously with hair
shorter